Hey, did I hear this right?
The CEO was out of the country for four years and now he's just got back recently.
Yeah, in just four years he built branches overseas, bought out local businesses, expanded
this company worldwide.
It's really impressive.
No!
Please!
Wait!
Give me another chance!
Go!
Please don't fire me!
Come on.
What happened?
Some people can't help flirting with the boss.
Don't get any ideas like that.
It doesn't like those kind of women.
You don't have to worry about that.
I won't do that.
At the business meeting in 20 minutes, if someone can clean the stain and tend, I'm making my
personal assistant.
Being the CEO's personal assistant, can you imagine?
You'd get to go to all the banquets and meet all the private clientele.
How could anyone clean it in 10 minutes?
It's impossible.
I have an idea, sir.
If I may, you see that suit.
That's the latest TX model.
It's also around your ground.
I can just buy him a new one.
It's something somebody like you probably can't even imagine.
Unless of course you've found yourself a rich husband, like, right now?